Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. My
name is Michaela and today we are
talking about how to never lose your
temper again. I got this question on one
of my YouTube videos and I thought I
have so much to say about that. I want
to jump on a video and that's why I'm
also looking very funny today. But I
hope it doesn't bother you too much. And
let's get into this.
The first thing I want you to understand
is losing your temper is only harming
you. It's not doing any good to you. And
once you understand what temper, what
losing your temper actually does to you,
it's less likely that you would ever
lose your temper because you know you're
going to harm yourself with that. If you
know touching in the fire is painful,
you are not touching in the fire all the
time. I want you to think about every
time you lost your temper and think
about the outcome of that situation. And
I can guarantee you not even once where
you lost your temper, the outcome was in
your favor. Every time you are losing
your temper, you're actually paying with
your currency. That is your energy. And
apart from that, you are paying with
your currency. You are also getting in a
state where you just do not feel good.
When you lose your temper, you are being
in a stress mode, in rush, in anger. And
all you do with that is showing the
other person that you are not in control
with your emotions. and showing that
that person has more control over you,
your emotions, and your well-being than
you do yourself. And if you think about
that once again, that means that person
feels more powerful because that person
sees that person is aware now that that
person can do and say specific things to
get to you, to get a reaction, an
emotion from you.
Why would you want to give that kind of
power to somebody else? So, one very
important thing to not lose your temper
ever again is to maintain emotional
control. If you are in control of your
emotions, nothing can shake you that
easily. And of course, that's more easy
said than done. But what you can do is,
for example, concentrate on your
breathing. Sometimes all you need to do
is being aware that you are here, that
you are in your body and you can imagine
also that emotion coming in and coming
out again. If that doesn't help, another
thing I always do is thinking about that
other person and how poor that other
person is actually to do that. Like I
literally feel pity for someone else who
needs to intentionally hurt someone,
intentionally disrespect someone,
intentionally test someone's boundaries
or trigger someone. You have to be
literally so poor on the inside that you
feel the need to hurt someone else. Like
that's something that doesn't go into my
head. And thinking about the other
person and what that other person must
go through from the inside makes me feel
pity more than rage, more than losing my
anger. And I will start to realize that
I'm actually on a higher position like I
am in power in that situation because
someone else is trying intentionally
trying to hurt or trigger me. So the
first thing you need to always keep in
mind that losing your temper is harming
you. The second thing is that when you
lose your temper, you are not in control
with your emotions. Learning to control
your emotions is beneficial. Even though
I always preach to express your
emotions, do not swallow your emotions,
do not suppress your emotions, but
controlling your emotions doesn't
necessarily mean that you have to
suppress your emotions. Controlling your
emotions means that you can express it
in different ways or even transmute it
to do something else. When you know that
you are paying with your currency, that
is your energy to that other person with
losing your temper, you know also that
when you transmute all of that energy
into something else, it could be
beneficial for you. So instead of losing
your temper, you can transmute it and do
something else with that energy, with
that emotion. Emotions can be so helpful
and can be so amazing to be expressed
but sometimes when they are about to
harm you then better to not express them
then better to be higher stronger than
your emotions and I mean by that for
example when you are in a store and
someone is testing your boundaries
someone is disrespecting you let's say
the cashier let's say someone random
person in the door is disrespecting you.
Losing your temper in that moment, what
would you benefit with this? What does
it bring for you? Nothing. If you learn
to control your emotions and use it for
something else, like you're going out,
you're going for a run, you are maybe
calling your friend and ranting with
your friend over what has happened.
That's way more beneficial for you than
losing your temper in that store. Or
another example, when you are in a
relationship, in a toxic relationship,
your emotions will tell you stay in that
relationship. You love that person. You
want to stay there. So your emotions
tell you stay, but the reality shows you
do not stay. This is hurting you. This
is harming you. And then in that moment,
it's better to control your emotions to
be stronger than your emotions and know
that it's beneficial for you in that
moment to not listen to your emotions to
do what is the right thing for you.
Another thing is to always keep in check
and evaluate is it worth my energy? like
is this person is this moment is this
situation really worth all of that
energy? As I already said, your energy
is your currency. Is this really worth
to pay with your energy? Your energy and
your time is actually more worth than
your money. Would you pay a person that
is disrespecting you, that is testing
you, that is hurting you $1,000 to bring
your point across? No. No, you wouldn't.
So why are you putting money higher than
your energy? Your energy and your time
is the most valuable and most important
thing in your life. And when you
understand that nothing is so quickly
worth your energy and you will also
understand that losing your temper is
too expensive for most people to spend
on. The other thing is when you are
losing your temper, when you are already
in the process because sometimes we are
losing our temper for people who are
important to us. When we are having an
emotional connection to someone, when
close people are disrespecting us, are
hurting us, it's more easy, it's more
likely to lose our temper. And when
you're already in the process, you can
always think about what this other
person must go through to come to a
point where this other person wants to
intentionally hurt you, intentionally
test you. For me, for example, I would
never do that intentionally. So if
someone else is doing that, I can just
think about this person is really poor
from the inside. this person has maybe
gone through really hard times and has
really bad traumas and I actually feel
pity for a person that feels the need to
do something like that. And when I see
beyond that facade that is hurting me,
beyond the words, beyond the actions
that are hurting and disrespecting me or
testing me, then I start to understand
this is also a human being, right? This
is just a human being that is living a
different kind of reality than I do. And
it's not in my power to change that
person's opinion. It's not in my power
to make that person think otherwise to
make that person stop doing what this
person is doing. But it's in my power
how I feel. I can decide I do not let
this come close to me. I understand this
person is going through things that I do
not want to have to deal with. And even
if that's a close person, I know
sometimes it's difficult to say like
listen, I do not want to have you
anymore in my life because of this and
that. But you can first of all set a
boundary. You say until here and not
more. And when you do that and that
person is respecting that and is not
hurting you anymore, is not doing these
things anymore, great. Sometimes we are
also being tested. We are being
disrespected from other people
unintentionally. And then you have to
evalue if that person is actually
matching with you. Like sometimes we are
disrespecting someone else without
knowing, right? It's not with intention
always and that can happen because you
are coming from a different family than
me. You are living maybe in a different
culture than I do. You have different
boundaries than I do. You are a
different person. And the way I talk, it
can trigger you. It can make you feel
disrespected. It can hurt you. But I'm
not doing that intentionally. So when
you tell me, listen, you heard me with
what you said, then I can reflect on
that and I can think about if I did
something wrong, if I can change
something. But if that's something that
I do on a daily basis, that is just my
nature. That is the way I speak. That is
the way I am. I can't change it. And
then we have to separate ways. Sometimes
we are not compatible with another
person and then another person is
triggering us constantly and then of
course it's also more likely to lose
your temper because you feel like it
can't be that I'm telling that person 10
times I feel disrespected I feel hurt
that I feel triggered all the time it
can't be that I feel hurt or
disrespected or tested all the time and
that person doesn't even see their
mistake. ake. Sometimes all we can do is
setting our boundaries and when that
boundary is not being approached and
things are not changing then we have to
separate ways with that person that is
triggering us that is making us lose our
temper over and over again. Now another
thing is when you are trying to not lose
your temper but you can't control your
emotions there are some tips that you
can do to nurture your emotional control
to be more strong than your emotions
are. And what you can do is first of all
take a deep breath. It's always helping
to take a deep breath because when you
are about to lose your temper, it's just
a temporary situation that something is
triggering you so hard, something is
hurting you so badly that the immediate
reaction is losing temper, right? But
when you are cultivating a peaceful
inside of you, you have a bigger
tolerance to that. like you have a
bigger window to reacting to something
that hurts you. So what I do is the
breathing. When I take a deep breath, I
focus on my belly. I touch my
belly and I breathe deeply and I imagine
that emotion also go through and in that
moment you will feel first of all more
connected to yourself and second of all
you are able to draw out of that
situation like you can see the bigger
picture and when you see the bigger
picture you see that there is so much
more to that. When I see the bigger
picture, when I'm being triggered, then
I understand, okay, I'm being triggered
because I feel this and that. Like for
example, someone says to me that I did
something wrong, right? We are all human
beings making mistakes. But when someone
tells me I'm doing something wrong,
sometimes I feel triggered. When I take
a deep breath, I zoom out and I
understand okay I'm triggered not
because that person tells me that I am
doing something wrong. It's not about
that person. It's actually about me
because I feel like I'm not doing
mistakes. I thought that I have done
such a great work and now I do not feel
like my work is so good. So I am
actually judging myself. Another thing
you can do to not lose your temper is to
cultivate a calm kind of stress-free
life as much as possible. I know, I
absolutely know it's not always possible
to have a stress-free life. But if you
reflect on the moments where you lost
your temper, it's most of the time when
you were already stressed from the
inside, when you were already in a
situation in your life that is not going
smoothly, that is stressing you out. And
what you can do when you're already
super stressed out, always try to make
yourself calm down. Put on some nice
music, classical music, like even if
it's for 10 minutes. Go for a walk. Just
get out of your head and release that
stress before it can even get to someone
triggering you. Another thing you can do
that is really really helpful is to
think about forgiving that person
without that person is even saying sorry
or anything. But if you are imagining in
your head already how you hug that
person or you shake hands with that
person and you truly feel like you
forgive that person. That's also what's
going to calm down the situation, calm
down yourself, and that's what's going
to happen. Even if you're maybe not
shaking hands, but that will be the
outcome. If you're already arguing in
your head with that person, if you're
already losing your temper in your head,
that's what's going to happen. That's
kind of like a micro manifesting, but
that's happening all the time. And you
can try that today. Imagine that you're
arguing with someone, with someone that
is always in your life, like your
bestie. Imagine you're arguing with her,
like something that bothered you maybe
last week or a few days ago. Just
imagine how you two are arguing. And I
can guarantee you, I can promise you,
you two are going to argue within the
next 24 to 48 hours. Because what we put
in our head in our mind here that's
what's going to happen in reality and
when we are emotional we are charging
our thoughts with
emotions that's a supercharged
manifestation and it's going to happen
more quickly. That's also why a lot of
people when they talk about
manifestations they are saying imagine
how you achieve something and really
feel it like have that emotion of
happiness have that emotion of gratitude
feel gratitude because when you are
charging your thoughts with emotions
it's like supercharged you are like on a
fast lane and it's happening in your
life. If you do not believe it, try it
out. And another thing I want to
mention, when you're losing your temper,
when you are being in rage, first of
all, you're attracting more situations
where you will lose your temper, where
you will be in a rage. But second of
all, you are also manifesting that in
your face. Like people who are always
angry, people who are always losing
their temper, you can see it in their
face. they do not have very soft
features and also you're going to age
more quickly and you will have more
wrinkles overall. So if those are not
enough reasons to now really focus and
work on not losing your temper anymore
on cultivating that peace inside of you
then I think we have to do another
video. But apart from that I hope it
could help. Thank you so much for
watching. I love you so so much and I
see you in my next video. Bye-bye. Apart
from that, I want to remove the
mask. Okay.